ref 3. https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Core/
        CSS_layout/Positioning
      In this article;
        ・Introducing positioning
        ・Static positioning
        ・Relative positioning
        ・Absolute positioning
        ・Fixed positioning
        ・Sticky positioning
        ・Summary  

2026-08-07, working
folder: "core_33.3.3_CSS_layout_Positioning Fixed positioning"

actions
1. Preparations
1.1 create folder "core_33.3.3_CSS_layout_Positioning Fixed positioning"
2. edit
2.1 edit index.html, style.css per ref 3.
            ・Fixed positioning       
  =Notes 1=
   When elements start to overlap, what determines 
   which elements appear over others and which elements 
   appear under others? In the example we've seen so far, 
   we only have one positioned element in the positioning 
   context, and it appears on the top since positioned 
   elements win over non-positioned elements. What about 
   when we have more than one?
     Try, 
   adding the following to your CSS to make the first paragraph 
   absolutely positioned too:     

  =Notes 2=
  At this point you'll see the first paragraph colored lime, 
  moved out of the document flow, and positioned a bit above 
  from where it originally was. It's also stacked below the 
  original .positioned paragraph where the two overlap. 
    This is because the .positioned paragraph is the second 
  paragraph in the source order, and positioned elements later 
  in the source order win over positioned elements earlier 
  in the source order.

    Can you change the stacking order? Yes, you can, by using 
  the z-index property. "z-index" is a reference to the z-axis. 
    You may recall from previous points in the course where we 
  discussed web pages using horizontal (x-axis) and 
  vertical (y-axis) coordinates to work out positioning for 
  things like background images and drop shadow offsets.
    For languages that run left to right, (0,0) is at the top 
  left of the page (or element), 
  and the x- and y-axes run across to the right and down the 
  page.

    Web pages also have a z-axis: an imaginary line that runs 
  from the surface of your screen towards your face 
  (or whatever else you like to have in front of the screen). 
  z-index values affect where positioned elements sit on that 
  axis; positive values move them higher up the stack, negative 
  values move them lower down the stack.
    By default, positioned elements all have a z-index of auto, 
  which is effectively 0.

  To change the stacking order, try adding the following 
declaration to your 

p:nth-of-type(1) rule:  like "z-index: 1;"